coworking_agreement.md, before:

# Coworking Agreement

Talk through each section with your partner. Add notes on what you discussed and agreed upon in each section. At the bottom, type your names to sign off on your agreement.

## Accessibility Needs
*What does each team member need access to in order to succeed and show up the best they can?*

## Collaboration vs. individual work expectations
*Clarify your collaboration expectations- does your group want to write code together all of the time? Or divide work to do independently, then come together to share accomplishments? What tools and technologies can help your collaboration?*

## Learning Style
*How does each team member learn best in project settings?*

## Preferred Feedback Style
*How does each team member best receive feedback?*

## One Team Communication Skill to Improve
*What is a teamwork-related skill you want to work on?*

## Optional: Other agreements
*Other co-working agreements that were not captured in the above sections.*

## Signatures
______________ _______________
Date: _________

Commit message:

Co-working agreement, needs signature

coworking_agreement.md, after:

# Coworking Agreement

Talk through each section with your partner. Add notes on what you discussed and agreed upon in each section. At the bottom, type your names to sign off on your agreement.

## Accessibility Needs
*What does each team member need access to in order to succeed and show up the best they can?*
Atefeh doesn't have any accessibility needs and neither does Dominique. 

## Collaboration vs. individual work expectations
*Clarify your collaboration expectations- does your group want to write code together all of the time? Or divide work to do independently, then come together to share accomplishments? What tools and technologies can help your collaboration?*
We'd like some flexibility with the expecations but generally we'll work together in class and then after communicating, we can delegate tasks for the evening. Also, making sure to update one another when we make pushes/pulls, etc. Then, we can come together the next day or co-working session to discuss what we've worked on. 

## Learning Style
*How does each team member learn best in project settings?*
Atefeh works methodically and takes her time to read through the prompts and texts. Atefeh likes to process information internally and outloud/externally. Dominique likes to also read through the prompts slowly, process things on her own and then check-in to make sure she understands the concepts. Dominique really likes bouncing ideas off of her partner. 

## Preferred Feedback Style
*How does each team member best receive feedback?*
Atefeh likes immediate feedback, Dominique as well.

## One Team Communication Skill to Improve
*What is a teamwork-related skill you want to work on?*
Atefeh would like to work on patience. Dominique would like to work on talking about code and walking through her explanations clearly. 
## Optional: Other agreements
*Other co-working agreements that were not captured in the above sections.*

## Signatures
Dominique Daba _______________
Date: 10/19/2022
